for-developers/how-to-guides/add-checkout-upsell-post-checkout.mdx, before:

---
title: Add Checkout Upsell on Post Checkout Screen
---
Post checkout upsells display personalized product recommendations immediately after purchase completion. These recommendations can significantly increase average order value by suggesting products that complement items the customer has just purchased.

## Implementation Steps

#### 1. Open the "Glood Product Recommendations" app in your Glood.AI admin
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-01.png" alt="Open Glood Product Recommendations app" />

#### 2. Click on the "Checkout Upsell" section from the app menu.
→ This will open the "Checkout & Post Purchase Upsell" dashboard screen (as shown in the image), where you can manage and create upsell campaigns.
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-02.png" alt="Checkout & Post Purchase Upsell dashboard" />

#### 3. Click on the "New Campaign" button at the top right corner to start creating a new upsell campaign.
→ Once you click, the Create Campaign screen will open, where you can enter your campaign details and configure the upsell settings.
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-03.png" alt="Create Campaign screen" />

#### 4. After clicking on "New Campaign", the Create Campaign screen will open (as shown in the image).
→ On this screen, you'll need to fill in the following details to set up your Post Checkout Upsell campaign:

- **Name**: Add a name for your campaign to easily identify it.
- **Time Duration**: Set the start and end date for when the campaign should be active.
- **Status**: Keep this set to Active if you want the upsell campaign to show on the post checkout screen.
- **Trigger**: Choose whether this campaign should be shown to all customers or conditionally based on certain rules.
- **Post Checkout Upsell Products**: Click on the + Add button to select the product(s) that will be promoted as upsell items after checkout.
- **Save**: Click on Save button 
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-04.png" alt="Configure Campaign settings" />

#### 5. Ensure Post Checkout Upsell is Enabled
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-06.png" alt="Enable Post Purchase Upsell" />

- After filling in all the campaign details, make sure the Post Purchase Upsell section is enabled.
- Enable the toggle inside the Post Purchase Upsell section (as shown in the image).
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-07.png" alt="Post Checkout Upsell on post-checkout screen" />
- Once enabled, click the Save button.

#### 6. This will ensure that the selected upsell product(s) are shown on the post-checkout screen, right after the customer completes their order.
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-08.png" alt="Post Checkout Upsell on post-checkout screen" />


## Troubleshooting

### Unable to See the Checkout Upsell?
If your checkout upsell still isn't showing, verify that your post-purchase configuration is set correctly:

- From your Shopify admin, go to **Settings > Checkout**
- Scroll down to the **Post-purchase page** section
- Under Add tracking scripts and other customizations, ensure **Glood Product Recommendations** app is selected/configured to run post-purchase experiences
- If nothing is selected, choose the **Glood Product Recommendations** app to handle Post Checkout Upsell
- Once configured, this will ensure that your upsell campaigns display on the post-checkout screen.

## Support

If you need help with setting up or customizing post checkout upsells, contact our support team at support@glood.ai

Commit message:

Configuration settings added for checkout-upsell

for-developers/how-to-guides/add-checkout-upsell-post-checkout.mdx, after:

---
title: Add Checkout Upsell on Post Checkout Screen
---
Post checkout upsells display personalized product recommendations immediately after purchase completion. These recommendations can significantly increase average order value by suggesting products that complement items the customer has just purchased.

## Implementation Steps

#### 1. Open the "Glood Product Recommendations" app in your Glood.AI admin
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-01.png" alt="Open Glood Product Recommendations app" />

#### 2. Click on the "Checkout Upsell" section from the app menu.
→ This will open the "Checkout & Post Purchase Upsell" dashboard screen (as shown in the image), where you can manage and create upsell campaigns.
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-02.png" alt="Checkout & Post Purchase Upsell dashboard" />

#### 3. Click on the "New Campaign" button at the top right corner to start creating a new upsell campaign.
→ Once you click, the Create Campaign screen will open, where you can enter your campaign details and configure the upsell settings.
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-03.png" alt="Create Campaign screen" />

#### 4. After clicking on "New Campaign", the Create Campaign screen will open (as shown in the image).
→ On this screen, you'll need to fill in the following details to set up your Post Checkout Upsell campaign:

- **Name**: Add a name for your campaign to easily identify it.
- **Time Duration**: Set the start and end date for when the campaign should be active.
- **Status**: Keep this set to Active if you want the upsell campaign to show on the post checkout screen.
- **Trigger**: Choose whether this campaign should be shown to all customers or conditionally based on certain rules.
- **Post Checkout Upsell Products**: Click on the + Add button to select the product(s) that will be promoted as upsell items after checkout.
- **Save**: Click on Save button 
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-04.png" alt="Configure Campaign settings" />

#### 5. Ensure Post Checkout Upsell is Enabled
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-06.png" alt="Enable Post Purchase Upsell" />

- After filling in all the campaign details, make sure the Post Purchase Upsell section is enabled.
- Enable the toggle inside the Post Purchase Upsell section (as shown in the image).
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-07.png" alt="Post Checkout Upsell on post-checkout screen" />
- Once enabled, click the Save button.

#### 6. This will ensure that the selected upsell product(s) are shown on the post-checkout screen, right after the customer completes their order.
<img src="/images/checkout-upsell-08.png" alt="Post Checkout Upsell on post-checkout screen" />


## Troubleshooting

### Unable to See the Checkout Upsell?
If your checkout upsell still isn't showing, verify that your post-purchase configuration is set correctly:

- From your Shopify admin, go to **Settings > Checkout**
- Scroll down to the **Post-purchase page** section
- Under Add tracking scripts and other customizations, ensure **Glood Product Recommendations** app is selected/configured to run post-purchase experiences
- If nothing is selected, choose the **Glood Product Recommendations** app to handle Post Checkout Upsell
- Once configured, this will ensure that your upsell campaigns display on the post-checkout screen.

## Additional Configuration Settings

#### Post Purchase Upsell Configuration
Control whether post-purchase upsells appear after checkout completion:
- Enable or disable post-purchase upsells using the "Control Post Purchase Upsell" toggle
- When enabled, recommended products will be shown to customers on the order confirmation page
- When disabled, no additional product recommendations will appear after purchase completion


#### Excluded Products
Configure which products should not appear in checkout upsell recommendations:
- Exclude individual products by selecting them from your product catalog
- Exclude groups of products by specifying product tags (e.g. exclude all products tagged as "subscription")
- Set up exclusion rules using product attributes like price range, vendor, or collection
- Excluded products will never appear as recommendations, even if they match other recommendation criteria

## Support

If you need help with setting up or customizing post checkout upsells, contact our support team at support@glood.ai
