for-developers/how-to-guides/open-mini-cart-on-add-to-cart.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Open Mini Cart on Add to Cart'
description: 'Learn how to enable the mini cart to automatically open when clicking the add to cart button'
---

## Overview

This guide will show you how to configure your sections to automatically open the mini cart when a customer clicks the add to cart button. This feature provides immediate feedback to customers and makes it easier for them to review their cart contents.

## Implementation

### Template Code Hook
Add the following code to your template's JavaScript hooks. This code will be triggered whenever a product is added to cart:

```javascript
loadAjaxCart: (bodyElem) => {
    const ajaxCart = bodyElem.querySelector('#drawer-cart');
    return ajaxCart.classList.contains("drawer--visible");
  },

  // Unload recommendations when mini cart closes
  unloadAjaxCart: (bodyElem) => {
    const ajaxCart = bodyElem.querySelector('#drawer-cart');
    return !ajaxCart.classList.contains("drawer--visible");
  },
  onCartOperationComplete: (args, utils, gloodUtils) => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('theme:cart:init', { bubbles: true }));
      document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('theme:cart:reload', {
        bubbles: true
      }));
       window.dispatchDrawerEvent('drawer-cart', 'open');
    }, 1000);
  }
```

## How It Works

1. The `loadAjaxCart` function checks if the mini cart is currently visible by looking for the `drawer--visible` class
2. The `unloadAjaxCart` function handles the opposite case, checking when the mini cart should be closed
3. When a cart operation completes, `onCartOperationComplete` is triggered:
   - It dispatches `theme:cart:init` event to initialize the cart
   - It dispatches `theme:cart:reload` event to refresh cart contents
   - It opens the mini cart drawer using `dispatchDrawerEvent`
   - A 1-second delay ensures smooth operation

## Support

If you need help with implementing this feature, contact our support team at support@glood.ai

Commit message:

updated the mini cart docs

for-developers/how-to-guides/open-mini-cart-on-add-to-cart.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Open Mini Cart on Add to Cart'
description: 'Learn how to enable the mini cart to automatically open when clicking the add to cart button'
---

## Overview

This guide will show you how to configure your sections to automatically open the mini cart when a customer clicks the add to cart button. This feature provides immediate feedback to customers and makes it easier for them to review their cart contents.

## Implementation

### Add Functions to Hook
Add these functions to your template's JavaScript hooks:

```javascript
loadAjaxCart: (bodyElem) => {
    const ajaxCart = bodyElem.querySelector('#drawer-cart');
    return ajaxCart.classList.contains("drawer--visible");
  },

  // Unload recommendations when mini cart closes
  unloadAjaxCart: (bodyElem) => {
    const ajaxCart = bodyElem.querySelector('#drawer-cart');
    return !ajaxCart.classList.contains("drawer--visible");
  },
  onCartOperationComplete: (args, utils, gloodUtils) => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('theme:cart:init', { bubbles: true }));
      document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('theme:cart:reload', {
        bubbles: true
      }));
       window.dispatchDrawerEvent('drawer-cart', 'open');
    }, 1000);
  }
```

### Theme-Specific Implementation
For this to work, you need to find and use the correct selectors and events from your theme's code:

1. Find the mini cart drawer element in your theme (usually has a class like `drawer-cart` or `mini-cart`)
2. Identify the correct class that indicates the cart is visible (often `drawer--visible` or similar)
3. Locate the theme's cart initialization and reload events
4. Find the correct drawer event dispatch method

## How It Works

1. The `loadAjaxCart` function checks if the mini cart is currently visible by looking for the `drawer--visible` class
2. The `unloadAjaxCart` function handles the opposite case, checking when the mini cart should be closed
3. When a cart operation completes, `onCartOperationComplete` is triggered:
   - It dispatches `theme:cart:init` event to initialize the cart
   - It dispatches `theme:cart:reload` event to refresh cart contents
   - It opens the mini cart drawer using `dispatchDrawerEvent`
   - A 1-second delay ensures smooth operation

## Support

If you need help with implementing this feature, contact our support team at support@glood.ai
